>> Evan You: I am Evan.
I am the author of VJS, and so
this workshop today is titled
Advanced Features from the Ground Up.
So, I'm gonna go into
cover a lot of stuff.
And just I wanna make it clear,
that if you've never worked with
Vue to a certain capacity, you might find
some of the exercises a bit challenging.
Because the whole thing is
designed assuming you have
decent experience with view and kind of
know the basic APIs, and ins and outs.
But that said,
if you have experience with say, angular,
in the past, probably a lot the knowledge
could transfer, the basic stuff.
So, but this workshop is not really
about teaching you how to use Vue.
It's really about some of
the more fundamental stuff,
the ideas implementations and
how that kind of
understanding Vue better in order
to build things on top of it.
So, our agenda comprises of, first,
we'll talk about reactivity and how the
reactivity system is implemented in view.
We're actually going to follow through a
few exercises that allows you to implement
a small reactivity system that sort of
resembles what view does under the hood.
And then we're gonna talk about
running plugins, a few plugins.
Because a lot of times we
use third party libraries.
You've probably used to field
them with Vue.use, the API.
So, you might be wondering how
do these plug ins actually work.
How do you write one yourself?
If you run into a lot of common
tasks in your daily development,
you might wanna extract them out.
And we'll use them to share between teams,
between projects,
so that's a good thing to learn.
And then we'll talk
about render functions.
So, if you internally use
a virtual dome similar to React,
if you don't have React experience before,
you'll not be familiar with
the concept of JSX or render functions,
so we'll talk a little bit about that.
And kind of walk you through how to use
render functions in the Vue context,
because it's actually a pretty critical
feature if you wanna implement some
of the advanced features.
And then, that'll probably be
enough to occupy our morning.
And after lunch we'll talk about
some more advanced features,
state managements and routing.
If you've used a Vue x,
a view router before,
we're gonna sort of explain the problem,
build very, very simple versions of them.
[LAUGH] Hopefully we have
enough time to go through that.
And then we'll talk a bit about form
validation and internationalization.
Also very simple versions of plugins,
just to get a taste of how it might
look in a real production environment.